added content for missing error message cs8152 (#31344)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/compiler-messages/cs8152.md

---
description: "Compiler Error CS8152"
title: "Compiler Error CS8152"
ms.date: 9/19/2022
f1_keywords:
  - "CS8152"
helpviewer_keywords:
  - "CS8152"
---
# Compiler Error CS8152

> '{0}' does not implement interface member. cannot implement because it does not have matching return by reference.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
Type does not implement interface member. cannot implement because it does not have matching return by reference.
```
